
## RADME.md
See Sections below for Descriptions on .jars, usages and other information

### .gitignore
This file tells git which files to you should not track with version control
## Jar file(s)
### scorechecker.jar
Run in the Terminal using "java -jar scorechecker.jar < /dictionary_file.txt >". 
Be sure to include the backslash character and that file is in the the same peroject. The program
uses the relative path. Src code for this process is at scr/ScoreChecker/Checker.java(lines 400-420).
### solver.jar
Run in the Terminal using "java -jar solver.jar < /dictionary_file.txt>". Be sure to
include the backslash character and make sure the file is in the same project,
uses the same structure as scorechecker.jar. Source code is the last
method in the src/Solver.Solver.java(line 190-210).
##### Bug in Solver
The program doesnt give a correct answer but plays the highest scoring word 
the crosses an anchor point and uses the letters in the given hand.
### scrabble.jar
No functionality, Just has a general look. Will Try to add some drag and drop functionality 
but probably wont get to a playable game with a manager working behind the scenes.

## src/ folder
Code is seperated into 3 packages [ScoreChecker, Solver, Scrabble], each with their own
'main' methods since there are 3 different programs. ScoreChecker and Solver use objects 
from the Scrabble package but are separate since they are Command Line Programs

## doc/ folder
Reference Documents like the Project Assignments pdf, the official Scrabble Rules 
and the 'World's Fastest Scrabble Program Document'. 

### Object design diagram
Contains a .pdf Diagram and Description, for the (planned) Scrabble Project. Contains
the solver algorithm and descriptions of the data structures used in the classes


### Other documentation
No Other Docs

## src/ folder
Contains the text files used in for loading in the Configurations for the different
programs. Were given in the repository when cloned. 

## .github/ folder
This folder may be automatically generated by the Github Classroom bot and updated when we change the autograder settings.
You should not change anything here, but you may need to pull the changes from the server before you will be able to push your own code.

## dictionaries_and_examples
For the scrabble project, this folder contains example files you can use for testing your programs. See the readme in this folder for more details.
We may update the folder with additional files, so please leave this folder alone to avoid conflicts.

## Other Notes/ TODO
Upload the Planned Object Diagrams